New job postings (#4153)
CodaProtocol/coda: frontend/website/jobs/protocol-engineer-product.markdown

    - Bonus: Worked on a product team
- Willingness to work on-site in a San Francisco based office
- Experience with ReasonML, OCaml, Haskell, or Rust or some other similar strong statically typed programming language

## Grab Bag (at least one of the following)

- Experience working on multiple collaborative projects with a product team containing at least one additional developer (or larger team-based projects at university or a bootcamp program).
- Exposure to working with cryptocurrencies
- Early stage startup experience
- Experience with contributing to Open Source
- Expertise in one of: Functional programming, security, distributed systems

## About

O(1) Labs is a small, well-funded startup aiming to develop the first cryptocurrency protocol that can deliver on the promise of supporting real-world applications and widespread use. Our team is based in San Francisco, and we are funded by top investors (including Polychain, Metastable, Max Levchin, and Naval Ravikant).

We’re working on technologies with the potential to reimagine social structures. We believe it’s important to incorporate diverse perspectives from conception through realization.

> We offer a competitive employee benefits package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a chance to join a small, collaborative team and have a ton of independence while working on fascinating cross-disciplinary problems that span cryptography, engineering, product design, economics, and sociology. We also offer competitive compensation both in salary and equity as well as top-of-the-market benefits.
```

> If you’d be interested in talking further, please get in touch by sending an email with your resume and the subject "Engineer Applicant" to [jobs@o1labs.org](mailto:jobs@o1labs.org?subject=%22Engineer%20Applicant%22).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’d be interested in talking further, please get in touch by sending an email with your resume and the subject "Protocol Engineer (Product) Applicant" to [jobs@o1labs.org](mailto:jobs@o1labs.org?subject=%22Protocol%20Engineer%20(Product)%20Applicant%22).
```
